in a different part of the forest
another monitoring team are checking
that the rest of the orangutans are
feeding they found a nest where someone
spent the night but they can't see human
thing okay
McCarthy its menteng one of the
adolescent males it weren't expecting to
meet him on the forest floor
Menten could do them some serious damage
but he's too close for comfort
men tang is used to getting his food
from humans they move away from him
quickly
they head through thick undergrowth in
the hope he'll give up but Menton keeps
coming the team decide to stand their
ground in the hope he'll back off
hey mentor it doesn't work
bloody money money Zambia there's
nothing for it
but the head for the safety of the river
from Pillai will Yana bandit in Cambodia
went to come here
[Music]
unlike Leah Nora and Eman men Tang is
struggling without his regular food
deliveries too many years on his island
sanctuary have allowed him to grow into
a rather lazy teenager so far no one has
seen him eat any forest fruit and rather
worryingly he seems to think the pebble
beach is made of coconuts
the team is desperate for all eight
orphans to pass the first test of
feeding themselves
Menten will be given some time he's
oblivious that 600 other rescued
orangutans are relying on him for their
freedom